README.md, before:


accelerate-travis-buildbot
==========================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-travis-buildbot.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-travis-buildbot)

This is a meta-repository for the entire Accelerate family of packages. Its goal
is to automatically attempt to rebuild all packages once any one of them
changes.

Status of individual repositories:

 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate) [tmcdonell/accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-cuda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-cuda) [tmcdonell/accelerate-cuda](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate-cuda)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-llvm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-llvm) [tmcdonell/accelerate-llvm](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate-llvm)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-fft.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-fft) [tmcdonell/accelerate-fft](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate-fft)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-io.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-io) [tmcdonell/accelerate-io](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate-io)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/colour-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/colour-accelerate) [tmcdonell/colour-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/colour-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/gloss-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/gloss-accelerate) [tmcdonell/gloss-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/gloss-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/gloss-raster-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/gloss-raster-accelerate) [tmcdonell/gloss-raster-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/gloss-raster-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/lens-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/lens-accelerate) [tmcdonell/lens-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/lens-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/linear-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/linear-accelerate) [tmcdonell/linear-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/linear-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/mwc-random-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/mwc-random-accelerate) [tmcdonell/mwc-random-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/mwc-random-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/numeric-prelude-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/numeric-prelude-accelerate) [tmcdonell/numeric-prelude-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/numeric-prelude-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/cuda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/cuda) [tmcdonell/cuda](https://github.com/tmcdonell/cuda)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/cufft.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/cufft) [tmcdonell/cufft](https://github.com/tmcdonell/cufft)

Commit message:

README: add link to the documentation
[ci skip]

README.md, after:


accelerate-travis-buildbot
==========================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-travis-buildbot.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-travis-buildbot)

This is a meta-repository for the entire Accelerate family of packages. Its goal
is to automatically attempt to rebuild all packages once any one of them
changes. The collected documentation can be found [here](http://tmcdonell.github.io/accelerate-travis-buildbot/).

Status of individual repositories:

 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate) [tmcdonell/accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-cuda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-cuda) [tmcdonell/accelerate-cuda](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate-cuda)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-llvm.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-llvm) [tmcdonell/accelerate-llvm](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate-llvm)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-fft.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-fft) [tmcdonell/accelerate-fft](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate-fft)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-io.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/accelerate-io) [tmcdonell/accelerate-io](https://github.com/tmcdonell/accelerate-io)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/colour-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/colour-accelerate) [tmcdonell/colour-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/colour-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/gloss-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/gloss-accelerate) [tmcdonell/gloss-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/gloss-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/gloss-raster-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/gloss-raster-accelerate) [tmcdonell/gloss-raster-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/gloss-raster-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/lens-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/lens-accelerate) [tmcdonell/lens-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/lens-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/linear-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/linear-accelerate) [tmcdonell/linear-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/linear-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/mwc-random-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/mwc-random-accelerate) [tmcdonell/mwc-random-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/mwc-random-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/numeric-prelude-accelerate.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/numeric-prelude-accelerate) [tmcdonell/numeric-prelude-accelerate](https://github.com/tmcdonell/numeric-prelude-accelerate)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/cuda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/cuda) [tmcdonell/cuda](https://github.com/tmcdonell/cuda)
 - [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/cufft.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tmcdonell/cufft) [tmcdonell/cufft](https://github.com/tmcdonell/cufft)
